App SOW

Client side

1. Login screen -- Teen and Follower accounts
	
	1.1 It should have two fields, they are "User Name (and email?)" and "Password"
	
	1.2 It should have two buttons, "Log in"  and "Sign up"
		
		1.2.1 Clicking on the "log in" button will make the app try to log in to the server
		
		1.2.2 Clicking on the "sign up" button should open another activity or show a fragment.
		This will allow the user to enter their personal data, account type (teen, follower,
		probably clinician), specify password etc. That screen will have a "Cancel" and "Ok" buttons.
		Clicking on the latter should send the info to the server, so that the user can sign in.


2. Main screen -- Teen account
	
	2.1 Display info like a first name, a last name, a date of birth, a medical record number,
	the last check-in date etc (BR1)
	
	2.2 Control buttons: check-in, feedback, reminders, followers, following.
	Hitting on all those buttons will lead to opening the corresponding screens
	
		2.2.1 The Check-in button will display the number of the missed check-in events (if any)
		
		2.2.2 The Followers button will display the number of the follow request (if any)
		
		2.2.3 The Following button will display the number of the new feedback messages (if any)


2. Main screen (It will be just the Following screen) -- Follower account
	

3. Check-In screen (BR3) -- Teen account only

TBD


4. Feedback screen (BR4) -- Teen and Follower accounts
	
	4.1 Display feedback based on the account type and permissions granted by the following users


5. Reminders screen -- Teen and Follower account 

	5.1 List of reminders and which can be added/changed based on the account type and permissions
	
	5.2 There will be a button "Add reminder" by clicking on which a screen with setting will be opened
	
	5.3 Long press on a list item will open a menu with the following items:
		- settings
		- remove


6. Followers screen -- Teen account only

	6.1 List of the existing followers and requests. New followers can be added by the user,
	the old followers can be changed/removed. Certain permissions can be granted.
	
	6.2 There will be a "Add Follower" to send a invitation to a potential follower 


7. Following screen -- Teen and Follower accounts

	7.1 List of the user followed by you. Long press will open a menu with the following items:
		- feedback
		- reminders
		- un-follow
		- send a check-in request
	
	7.2 There will be a "Follow" button to specify a new teen to follow.


